# Welcome to our open source repository.
We're thrilled to have you contributing to this project and helping make it even better. Before you create your first pull request, please take a moment to read the following guidelines. These will help ensure that your changes are accepted and merged smoothly.

- Keep the pull request small and focused, with a single, well-defined change.
- Ensure that your code is properly formatted and follows the repository's coding style guidelines.
- Write descriptive and meaningful commit messages.
- Provide relevant information in the pull request description, such as the context of the change, how it was tested, and any related issues or dependencies.
- Main branch must always remain intact and complete features should never be pushed to this branch.
- Our development of each subsystem should follow the branching strategy outlined in the diagram (subject to change).
- Only merge approved branches/features into your code. Of course, you are free to make changes to your own branches.
- Pull requests should only contain changes within a specific service/system (to be determined). Any changes outside of this should have a separate pull request with an issue referring to the feature/change request.
- If a feature impacts multiple subsystems, consider modifying the Github strategy diagram by replacing subsystem with feature and service with subsystem to determine the appropriate branching strategy.
- ## NoteKeep in mind that reviewers have the right to reject pull requests if the agreed process is not followed.
